## Conditional Subqueries: IN

Write a SQL query that shows all items that have had bids put on them. Use the logical operator `IN` for this exercise, as well as a subquery.

Here is the expected output:

```plaintext
 Bid on Items
---------------
 Video Game
 Outdoor Grill
 Painting
 Tent
 Vase
(5 rows)
```

My answer
```
SELECT name AS "Bid on Items"
FROM items
WHERE id IN (SELECT DISTINCT item_id FROM bids);
```

**Approach/Algorithm**
This [assignment on subqueries](https://launchschool.com/lessons/e752508c/assignments/2009d549) should be of use for this exercise. This section on [subqueries](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/functions-subquery.html) in the PostgreSQL documentation should be helpful as well.

The output for this exercise should also have an alias in place for the column we need to select.

**Solution**
```sql
SELECT name AS "Bid on Items" FROM items
WHERE items.id IN (SELECT DISTINCT item_id FROM bids);
```

**Discussion**

This exercise asks us for all items that have been bid on. This means that we want all items that are referenced by our join table, `bids`. Now, we could use a `JOIN` to do this. But another way to go about it is to use a subquery. More specifically, we'll check all items, and if an item's id is `IN` a list of numbers, then we'll add it to our result table.

Let's assemble most of this query, excluding that list we want to search through.
```sql
SELECT name AS "Bid on Items" FROM items
WHERE items.id IN (...);
```

where `...` is a list of item ids.

Ok, we have most of our answer, but we still need a way to get that list of item ids. This is where a subquery comes into play. We use a subquery to get a list of ids and then use that list for our `IN` clause. From there we can check that list each time a row is examined and add an item's name to our result table if necessary.

**Review**
- Single quotes are for text. `SELECT name AS 'Big on Items'` leads to syntax error at or near "'Big on Items'". We should use double quotes.
